----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'C URL' (http://curl.haxx.se), which is released under the following license(s):
    Curl MIT/X Derivative <http://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'Perl Compatible Regular Expressions' (http://www.pcre.org), which is released under the following license(s):
    PCRE (BSD-style) <http://www.pcre.org/licence.txt>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'Secure Sockets Layer' (http://openssl.org), which is released under the following license(s):
    Open SSL License <http://www.openssl.org/source/license.html>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'Symantec Root Certificates' (http://www.symantec.com/page.jsp?id=roots), which is released under the following license(s):
    Symantec Root Certificates <http://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/about/media/repository/root-certificate-license-agreement.pdf>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'Compression Library' (http://zlib.net), which is released under the following license(s):
    Zlib <http://www.gzip.org/zlib/zlib_license.html>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'C JSON parser' (http://sourceforge.net/projects/cjson), which is released under the following license(s):
    cJSON MIT <http://sourceforge.net/projects/cjson>

----------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes 'System Information Gatherer (SIGAR)' (http://www.hyperic.com/products/sigar), which is released under the following license(s):
    Apache 2 (BSD-style) <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

----------------------------------------------------------------

All New Relic components of this product are: Copyright (c) 2010-2014 New Relic, Inc. All rights reserved.

Certain inventions disclosed in this file may be claimed within patents owned or patent applications
filed by New Relic, Inc. or third parties. Subject to the terms of this notice, New Relic grants you
a nonexclusive, nontransferable license, without the right to sublicense, to (a) install and execute
one copy of these files on any number of workstations owned or controlled by you and (b) distribute
verbatim copies of these files to third parties. As a condition to the foregoing grant, you must
provide this notice along with each copy you distribute and you must not remove, alter, or obscure
this notice.

All other use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or other exploitation of these
files is strictly prohibited, except as may be set forth in a separate written license agreement
between you and New Relic. The terms of any such license agreement will control over this notice. The
license stated above will be automatically terminated and revoked if you exceed its scope or violate
any of the terms of this notice.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product
names of New Relic, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of
this file and reproducing the content of this notice. You may not mark or brand this file with any
trade name, trademarks, service marks, or product names other than the original brand (if any) provided
by New Relic.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed by New Relic in a separate written license agreement, these files
are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, including without any implied warranties of
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, or NON-INFRINGEMENT. As a condition to your
use of these files, you are solely responsible for such use. New Relic will have no liability to you
for direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or punitive damages or for lost profits or
data.

Any alterations made by Cazcade Limited which are not covered by the above licenses then fall under the following BSD License:

Copyright (c) 2015, Cazcade Limited
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

